# Inbox

- Here you can write disorganised notes to be categorised later
- Bullet points are useful, but it could be free form text as well
- Sometimes it's better to just get things off your mind quickly, rather than stop to think where it belongs
- But don't let this list get too long
- Move information to more specific documents and link to them.
  - This helps you navigate between documents quickly
  - For example, you can `Cmd`+`Click` this: [[todo]]
- Some notes don't end up making sense the next day
- That's ok, you can just delete them!
  - You can always find them in your git history, if you really need it!


- AUTOHOTKEY SWITCH mouse on window active.

- export fallout recepies to excel
	import back


- install or find geck

- recomplile faster menue in geck

- crafting wiht broken equipment should reflect on cost and or ressult,
- repairing more than 100% should return 1 100% and rest as still broken instead of just removing the broken item.

- add bulk materials to all crafting recepies

- if a receipie needs a item you can craft, consider it craftable, and remove components needed.

- remove wonderglue, leatherbeltsa and tejp

- conisder tejp wonderglue and leathbelts currency for prittier stacking

- autonavigate to vortex download instead of description page?
- autoopen cretain urls in own window, move tabs of certain urls to specified window

- edge collections are separeta sqlite db.. wonder if that would be easy to import json or such

propbably easiest to use powershell to import json and insert into sqlite.

sqlite have natural json storage capabilities we might want to utelize.

- buy powersplitter for kitchen
- wire microwave rotating table to the old microwave? should be same circuit as the light basicly.

- browserprofiles should share cookies, why not

- autopopulate collections by keyword, from your bookmarks

- nv sort food by hp, food or h2o
- nv 
increase difficulty based on nr of followers


change sms signal for sabrina or read them outloud


nv
	add z prefix to all breakdown modds


move all recepie additions to a separate modfile, without dependensies hopefully.

- enabble chemestry crafting from all static chemestry sets, like in the begging vault 101 or in the policestation.

- mive crafting recepies away from irrelevant stations, all amo in reloding bech, all weapons and armour in crafting bench, scrapping bench would be good.
and food aid and chems in chemestry station.


recepies should be unknown till done when it comes to mixing chems. like morrowind alchemy

reverse engeneer - if you can breakit you can make it
ui extension giving b) option to all weapon armours and misk.
formula repair-condition x rng z total crafting components returned + recepie if not already owned.
allow breaking down of items whom have a breakdown recepie, if only 1 item return, then don't use formula.
mod shouldn't introduce any aditional recepies, only breakdown mode.

join all recepie mods into a single mod, to reduce total amount of mods.

get win activationkey and put in winlite.
put custom image on usbstik.
tryye starting nas without graficcard.


- nv progresivly updating map, based on your lod


- install gist managementprogram
- check how foam can be enhanced regarding vizualisation

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[todo]: todo "Todo"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"